the way that I tend to avoid bias is number one by giving constant feedback.
Um, a case in in point is, um, I'm supposed to give evaluations
for, um, several people in the unit. Let's say they're 20 people.
Um, at the beginning of the cycle, um, I tell them exactly what I expect
for them. Toe earn the wars that they're gonna get. Earn the marks
that they're gonna get. Um, I make sure during the midterm counseling,
I sit them down. I give them a sheet of paper that describes
how generally, um, grade them. Um, maybe not always with the direct
marks, but I tell them where their strengths are, where their weaknesses
are and what I expect them to do. Um, in the next six months,
to kind of increase their scores. Um, and especially during counseling,
I, um, make sure that I put everyone's, um I put everybody on on
an Excel sheet, and I have, like, all of the roles, like professional
development leadership, um, can, uh, climate inequality. I put all
of those down, and then I mark exactly based on what they wrote on
the back of their evaluation, how they increased each of those scores
and I go through everyone. I make sure that, like if I gave somebody
a good score, that someone who did the same exact thing gets that
same score, a zealous for the negatives. And then, um, I think that
that's how I prevent bias in my own grading That goes the same for
awards if I'm handing out awards or if I'm giving promotions.